
# fwd
    import "github.com/philhofer/fwd"

The `fwd` package provides a buffered reader that can
seek forward an arbitrary number of bytes. The Peek() and
Skip() methods are useful for manipulating the contents of a
byte-stream in place, as well as a shim to allow the use of
`[]byte`-oriented methods with io.Readers. Additionally,
if the underlying reader implements io.Seeker, then
Skip() uses that to skip forward as well.

(This package was
originally written to improve decoding speed in
github.com/philhofer/msgp/msgp.)




## Constants
``` go
const (
    // DefaultReaderSize is the default size of the read buffer
    DefaultReaderSize = 2048
)
```



## type Reader
``` go
type Reader struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```
Reader is a buffered look-ahead reader









### func NewReader
``` go
func NewReader(r io.Reader) *Reader
```
NewReader returns a new *Reader that reads from 'r'


### func NewReaderSize
``` go
func NewReaderSize(r io.Reader, n int) *Reader
```
NewReaderSize returns a new *Reader that
reads from 'r' and has a buffer size 'n'




### func (\*Reader) BufferSize
``` go
func (r *Reader) BufferSize() int
```
BufferSize returns the total size of the buffer



### func (\*Reader) Buffered
``` go
func (r *Reader) Buffered() int
```
Buffered returns the number of bytes currently in the buffer



### func (\*Reader) Peek
``` go
func (r *Reader) Peek(n int) ([]byte, error)
```
Peek returns the next 'n' buffered bytes,
reading from the underlying reader if necessary.
It will only return a slice shorter than 'n' bytes
if it also returns an error. Peek does not advance
the reader. EOF errors are *not* returned as
io.ErrUnexpectedEOF.



### func (\*Reader) Read
``` go
func (r *Reader) Read(b []byte) (int, error)
```
Read implements `io.Reader`



### func (\*Reader) ReadByte
``` go
func (r *Reader) ReadByte() (byte, error)
```
ReadByte implements `io.ByteReader`



### func (\*Reader) ReadFull
``` go
func (r *Reader) ReadFull(b []byte) (int, error)
```
ReadFull attempts to read len(b) bytes into
'b'. It returns the number of bytes read into
'b', and an error if it does not return len(b).



### func (\*Reader) Reset
``` go
func (r *Reader) Reset(rd io.Reader)
```
Reset resets the underlying reader
and the read buffer.



### func (\*Reader) Skip
``` go
func (r *Reader) Skip(n int) (int, error)
```
Forward moves the reader forward 'n' bytes.
Returns the number of bytes skipped and any
errors encountered. It is analagous to Seek(n, 1).
If the underlying reader implements io.Seeker, then
that method will be used to skip forward.

If the reader encounters
an EOF before skipping 'n' bytes, it
returns io.ErrUnexpectedEOF.



### func (\*Reader) WriteTo
``` go
func (r *Reader) WriteTo(w io.Writer) (int64, error)
```
WriteTo implements `io.WriterTo`









- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)